In this lecture we'll be talking about LMS evaluation libraries.
So what are the different LMS evaluation libraries available to perform these operations that we were
talking about like traditional and non-traditional way of testing them.
There are many libraries available to evaluate the large language models.
Some of the most popular among the community are the OpenAI's evals library.
And there is another one is called as the Ragas Library.
So OpenAI's evolves.
As it mentioned, the evals provide a framework for evaluating large language models or systems built
using LMS.
It offers an existing registry of evals to test different dimensions of OpenAI models, and the ability
to write your own custom evolves for use case you care about, and this is mainly focused on how you
can do testing of your models with OpenAI specific models, which is that's where this eval is very
good at.
And it does this for you.
And there is another library, as I told you, is going to be the Ragas Library and the ragas is the
open source evaluation library built to supercharge evaluation of large language model applications.
It uses a Sota LMS assisted method to quantify the performance of LMS application using automated metrics,
so you can also evaluate the performance of the pipeline that you have built using frameworks like Lama
index, using it without needing an annotated evaluation data set.
So you can do all these things in ragas.
And just to keep things very, very straightforward, I'm going to quickly show you these two libraries
pages and you will understand how these libraries are really built.
So if I just go to go and search for the open AI evals like that, so you see that this is the page
it's going to take me up through.
And this is the same text that I just copy pasted from here on the slide.
So it says that if you are building with LMS, creating high quality eval is one of the most impactful
things that you can do without evals.
It can be very difficult time intensive to understand how different models version might affect your
use case.
And that is what this the president of the OpenAI really says in here.
The setup operation is quite straightforward.
All you need to have is the OpenAI key.
And then you can you can verify that using the using this installation of this particular library over
here.
And you can see how they are doing the testing.
So you can see that there is a walkthrough of the testing process of building an evolve over here,
like how you can build things and how you can measure, uh, different, uh, operation using the eval.
The focus of this particular course is not about talking about the OpenAI's evolve, but we are going
to be talking about the ragas, which is the library again, which performs the same kind of evaluation.
But again, ragas is a library which will helps you to perform a wide range of testing in wide range
of models, as you can see over here.
And they also support Lang chain, which can also be a plus for us because we are using land chain for
our, uh, for our development as well as they support Olama.
So we can use these capabilities while we do the testing.
So that is the major power.
And that's the reason why I want to go with the ragas in this particular course.
And you can see that they have got some details over here.
And they also have got a GitHub repo which tells you like how you can use with the ragas itself.
So the installation process is very straightforward.
All you have to do is just install this particular ragas using this pip install ragas uh over here and
then you can start doing the evaluation.
Just five lines of code will do that evaluation for you.
We are going to run these kind of things in our uh, discussion.
I will quickly show you like how you can achieve that.
Again, they are using what is called as the chat OpenAI.
But because we have the, uh, LMS, the Lang chain support, we can use different models as well if
you wanted to.
Um, yeah, that's about the the ragas library.
But I have not gone very deep into this particular library yet.
But you can see that this is the library that we are going to be using for our discussion.